Consul concept updates (#1705)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/consul/v1.22.x/content/docs/concept/consistency.mdx

| 513 - 1024   | 4 minutes              |
| ...          | ...                    |

These intervals are approximate. To avoid too many nodes syncing at one time, each Consul agent randomly chooses a staggered start time within the interval window.

### Synchronization failures

There are a number of situations where Consul's anti-entropy can fail. These include:

- Agent misconfiguration
- Misconfiguration of the agent's operating environment

> - I/O problems, such as a full disk or filesystem permission, error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I/O problems, such as a full disk or filesystem permission error
```

- Networking problems, such as an agent being unable to communicate with the server

If an error is encountered during an anti-entropy run, the agent logs the error and continues to run. Syncs are designed to run periodically to automatically recover from these types of transient failures.

## Consistency modes

When you use Consul's service discovery features to return a registered service instance, Consul's forwards the request to the cluster's leader by default. That way, Consul returns the most recent authoritative results from the catalog.

> You can change a Consul agent's consistency mode so that they return services with a greater or lower degree of accuracy, depending on the needs of the workloads in your service networking environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change a Consul agent's consistency mode so that the agent returns services with a greater or lower degree of accuracy, depending on the needs of the workloads in your service networking environment. 
```
